                     _______             _            
                    / _____ \           | |           
 _ __ ___ _ __ ___ | |     | | ___ _   _| | __ _ _ __ 
| '__/ _ \ '_ ` _ \| |     | |/ __| | | | |/ _` | '__|
| | |  __/ | | | | | |_____| | (__| |_| | | (_| | |   
|_|  \___|_| |_| |_|\_______/ \___|\__,_|_|\__,_|_|   
......................................................
remOcular -  your remote eyes in the cloud
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Author:  Tobi Oetiker <tobi@oetiker.ch>
Version: #VERSION#
Date:    #DATE#


remOcular is an AJAX GUI to command line information
gathering tools.  remOcular comes with plugins for

 * top - process list
 * mpstat - processors related statistics
 * traceroute - packets trace to network host
 * df - disk free

 ... and many more

remOcular can be easily enhanced to support additional
tools.  All it takes is an additional plugin module
(written in perl) on the server side.

See http://www.remocular.org for more information

INSTALLATION
------------

Use the installer.sh script to setup remOcular

 ./installer.sh /opt/remocular-#VERSION# /var/www/remocular

To fully enjoy remOcular, make sure your webserver
provides FastCGI support. Else the server part of
remOcular will run in cgi mode and thus might be a bit
on the slow side.

Once the installer has completed its task it will show
some additional hints to you.

DEVELOPEMENT
------------

remOcular is written in Perl for the server side and
JavaScript for the browser part.  The beautiful GUI is
thanks to to wonderful qooxdoo toolkit.  See
www.qooxdoo.org for more information.

If you want to enhance remOcular with additional
plugins, you only have to change the server side. No
JavaScript programming is required. See the existing
plugins for inspiration and add the new plugin to the
remocular.cfg file. There is also a plugin testing
tool in the bin directory to help you test plugins
without going through the webserver.


Tobi Oetiker <tobi@oetiker.ch>, #DATE#